{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192}{\info{\creatim\yr2001\mo4\dy26\hr10\min8\sec55}{\version1}{\vern262367}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\deftab720\pard\qc{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\qc{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 All Shipper Notice ID: 2001-042 }{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0  }{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 TO:}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 ALL KERN RIVER SHIPPERS AND OPERATORS}{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 DATE:}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 APRIL 26, 2001}{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 RE:}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 UPDATE-KERN RIVER MAINTENANCE}{\b\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 During Kern River's April 24-25, 2001 maintenance, unforeseen problems were discovered at both Muddy Creek - }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 Unit One and Fillmore compressors. }{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 Problems with the thermal oil pump at Muddy Creek - Unit One will extend the capacity restriction of 310,000 }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 MMCF/D through gas day April 26, 2001.  It will be necessary for shippers utilizing receipt points upstream of }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 Muddy Creek (Opal, Northwest Pipeline, Colorado Interstate, Overland Trails and Muddy Creek Pool) to schedule }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 some of their receipts from other sources.  }{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 While Fillmore was down for the routine maintenance, the #2 bearing failed.  Capacity through Fillmore will be }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 restricted to 640,000 MMCF/D for gas days April 26-28, 2001.  Kern River will determine if capacity restrictions }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 will be required for gas day April 29, 2001 and post a notice on its EBB before such time. }{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 There will be no Interruptible and/or Authorized Overrun Service until further notice, and Primary Firm Service is }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 currently estimated to be impacted by approximately 13.5%.}{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 During this critical time, it is imperative that Operators do not draft the system.}{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 Please call your Marketing Services representative or the Kern River Hotline (801/584-7799) if you have any }\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0 questions. }{\par}\pard\ql{\f0\fs20\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql}