{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\froman Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue127;\red0\green127\blue127;\red0\green127\blue0;\red127\green0\blue127;\red127\green0\blue0;\red127\green127\blue0;\red127\green127\blue127;\red192\green192\blue192}{\info{\creatim\yr2001\mo4\dy24\hr10\min0\sec54}{\version1}{\vern262367}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\deftab720\pard\qc{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\qc{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 All Shipper Notice ID: 2001-041 }{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0  }{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 To:}{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 KERN RIVER SHIPPERS AND OPERATORS}{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Date:}{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 April 24, 2001}{\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Re:}{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\tab}{\b\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Interruptible and/or Authorized Overrun Capacity for May 2001}{\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Kern River anticipates that there will be between 30,000 and 45,000 Mcf/d of capacity available for }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Interruptible Service ("IT") and/or Authorized Overrun Service ("AOS") for May 2001.}{\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0  }{\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 In order to accommodate shippers desire to finalize transportation arrangements during bid week, any shipper }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 that is interested in utilizing this capacity must submit a request for IT and/or AOS transportation service to }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Kern River by no later than 5:00 p.m. MST on Wednesday, April 25.  If you wish to request the above }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 capacity, you can do so in writing or via a phone call to Jeff Leishman.  Kern River will notify each }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 requesting shipper of their position in the queue by 1:00 P.M. on Thursday, April 26.}{\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Kern River will evaluate and establish a queue for all requests received by the deadline pursuant to the }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 scheduling priorities in its tariff.  The queue will be established according to rate, highest rate first. (Kern }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 River does not discount AOS.) If rates are equal, the queue will be established using the shipper's priority of }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 service date.  If priority of service dates are equal, the queue will be split between such shippers pro rata }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 based on requests.   Both of the preceding tiebreaker's are as per the Kern River Tariff.  During the month, if }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 a shipper that is flowing IT or AOS, discontinues service, Kern River will offer the service to the next shipper }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 in the queue for that month.}{\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 In addition to the monthly available capacity, as described above, there may be capacity that becomes }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 available on a given day due to a supply or market failure of a shipper. These requests will only get scheduled }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 if there is unutilized capacity.  This capacity, like all IT and AOS capacity, will be allocated by rate.  Due to }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 the adverse impact of creating imbalances for shippers on upstream pipelines, the receipt point for this "intra-}\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 day" transportation cannot be Northwest Pipeline or CIG.  Based upon historical data, Kern River estimates }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 that capacity to be approximately 7,000 Mcf/d on weekdays and 12,000 Mcf/d on weekends. If you are }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 interested in submitting intra-day nominations between the evening and ID1 cycle to fill these "holes", please }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 submit a separate request for "intra-day capacity".  Submitting an intra-day request will determine your place }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 in the queue for filling the "holes" for the entire month. }{\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0\par}\pard\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 Please contact Jeff Leishman at (801) 584-6682, or Dave Stevens at (801) 584-7101, with any questions }\ql{\f1\fs22\cf0\up0\dn0 regarding this matter.  Our fax number is (801) 584-7076. }{\par}\pard\ql}